Adding documentation for Content Security Policy and new Struts tags (#2)
salcho/struts-site: source/tag-developers/script-tag.md

---
layout: default
title: script tag
parent:
  title: Tag Reference
  url: tag-reference.html
---

# script

Please make sure you have read the [Tag Syntax](tag-syntax) document and understand how tag attribute syntax works.

## Description

> Provides an easy way for the developers to adopt CSP without having to think about nonce values explicitly. By using a `<s:script>` for JSP and `<@s.script>` for FreeMarker instead of `<script>` in their template files, developers will get the nonce attribute automatically added to their HTML elements when the template renders, if the [`CspInterceptor`](../core-developers/csp-interceptor.html) is enabled and a nonce value exists in the session object. Else `<s:script>` will operate like the `<script>` tag. The `s:script` tag includes all the regular HTML attributes associated with the `script` tag, if they are specified, and will add a nonce attribute. For example, in JSP the tag renders like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Provides an easy way for developers to adopt CSP without having to propagate nonces explicitly. By using a `<s:script>` for JSP and `<@s.script>` for FreeMarker instead of `<script>` in their template files, developers will get the nonce attribute automatically added to their HTML elements when the template renders, if the [`CspInterceptor`](../core-developers/csp-interceptor.html) is enabled and a nonce value exists in the session object. Otherwise, `<s:script>` will operate like the `<script>` tag. The `s:script` tag includes all the regular HTML attributes associated with the `script` tag, if they are specified, and will add a nonce attribute. For example, in JSP the tag renders like this:
```
